Composer.core docstring touch-up (#657)
mosaicml/composer: docs/source/trainer/time.rst

The trainer has a :class:`.Timer` object stored in :attr:`.State.timer` that
measures progress in all the time formats above. :attr:`.State.timer` can be
read by algorithms and callbacks to trigger behavior at different times

> during training. Especially useful is allowing you to use whichever format
> is most relevant for your algorithm -- e.g. once-every-n batches, or during the
> last 20% of training.

Reviewer: This wording is a bit awkward for me - maybe:
```suggestion
during training. This allows algorithms to specify times in whatever format
is most useful -- e.g. an algorithm could activate once every *n* batches, or
during the last 20% of training.
```
